handle buy button press while order form is loading by calling add to… (#675)
vtex-apps/store-components: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Fixed

> - Handle buy button click while order form is loading by handling it gracefully and don't show tooltip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Handle buy button click while order form is loading by handling it gracefully and not showing the tooltip.
```
